Game Mechanics
    Score Card with limited entries
        can score different ways as rewards through game, but must remove other scoring options
    Game progression
        Each stage has a score requirement
            player must reach that score requirement in a certain number of "score tries" called rounds
                score try = record a score or farkle
            Each stage, the player also has a certain number of rerolls
                1 reroll for 1 dice
        Every certain number of stages (unsure of exact number), there will be a "boss" battle
            "boss" is a particular gimmick that makes the stage more interesting/challenging
                Could be score limitation, stage shape change, stage obstacle limitation, etc.
                    ?? What should the boss visibility be in the run? (should they see all the bosses at the beginning?)
        Inbetween cetain number of stages (unsure of exact number, could be between every one Balatro-style) there will be a shop where you can buy items
            Could be relics (change how the game works), new dice (replace old dice in most cases), new score mechanics, new obstacles, etc.
                I'm thinking to have a shop inbetween each stage, but the style of shop could be random
                    Should allow players to see the upcoming shops so that they can strategize their run
        Should there be special events?
            Where would they be?
            They'd have to be tied to the context of the game.
        Hidden shops
            put special doors in the wall or special obstacles that, when hit, open up special shop options
                These could give items that come with heavy pros and heavy cons
        Currency
            Types?
                money - use in shops
                    get through playing stages, random obstacles in stages, and selling at shops
                Keys - open up hidden shops
                    gotten in shops or by hitting special obstacles that can pop up in a stage
                rerolls - allow rerolls of single dice in each stage (reset at each stage)
                    get a certain number at the start of the game, can get more through items
                rounds - determines the amount of score entries or farkles a player can make per round
                    get a certain number at the start of the game, can get more through items
                # of score rules - determine how many ways you can score (slots in score card)
                    get a certain number at the start of the game, can get more through items
                # of dice - how many dice you have on you when you start each stage
                    get a certain number at the start of the game, can get more through items
                # of obstacle slots - determines how many obstacles you can place
                    each obstacle can take up 1 or more slots
                    get a certain number at the start of the game, can get more through items
                MAYBE # of faces per dice


Modifiers
    located on an object, can affect that object or its children
        ex. dice mod can affect the dice faces
    for static modifiers, modifications are applied on modifier attachment to object
        ex. static dice mod that adds 1 to each of its faces is applied on attachment to dice
    for activated modifiers, the activation method is attached to the activity that activates items
        ex. attached to dice-thrown, round over, hit obstaclt, hit table, hit floor, etc.